Hey <SE>!

Below you will find a request / ask / email that could come out of left field and under normal circumstances may potentially negatively impact a deal already in flight.  For our purposes let's assume that the original POV is complete, we have the technical win but we have an opportunity to attach ourselves to more hosts while reps finalize scope of the land deal.  The audience is friendly and even if this side engagement doesn’t go well it will not impact the initial land deal.  

The purpose of this exercise is to allow you to spread your wings a bit in a mock POV scenario in bite sized chunks with little to no risk + a friendly audience (me! :) )

Stepping into character now:  

*"I'm a developer at Forward Bank and got your contact info from Frank over in Operations. He has recently investigated Datadog for our cloud monitoring project (Azure) but clued me in that Datadog can also provide me with additional visibility with AWS and K8s.  We are in the initial phases of a broad re-platforming and are looking for an integrated data platform that provides visibility to some new paradigms that are likely to cause chaos and complexity over the next 6-9 months here.  I see a painful wave coming but no one besides Frank and myself are even remotely worried about it. I'm ready to go just need some help. My buddies have told me they use you guys before and it was a breeze to setup.  Unfortunately I’m a bit of a novice in the K8s world and documentation wasn’t 100% clear.  Considering the time crunch we are under…can you help me walkthrough enabling/understanding your capabilities so I can more effectively explain the value to our management?  How soon can we start?  P.S. If it helps….Frank brought your sales rep over (Jay Cotton?) last time he was here and walked me through a checklist but left it behind.  I’ve scanned it and attached it to this email.”

-Hector*

Stepping out of character again:

I'll leave it 100% up to you on mode of role play here.  Setup a call to discuss / gather more info via email / jump right into a session to complete required integration.  Keep in mind that the overall engagement is being tracked (responsiveness, sticking to proposed timelines, perceived confidence on topic, salesmanship, etc).  If you require additional prep time, feel free to communicate like you would with a customer "traveling this week", "conference early next week", etc.  

Not looking for this to be a drag.  I think we can have some fun with this and level you up on a "scary" topic at the same time.  
